S.P.A.C.E.

Group Members:
Jacob Dyck, Luke Harper, Nick Chiasson

Background:
In the very distant future it has been decided, with Earth on a steady path of decay, that the human race use its advanced technology to spread and colonize the universe. You, as the world government’s fleet commander, have full control of this grand expedition. Choose wisely on where you wish to populate and how thin you wish to spread your forces, for your wrongdoings will be the downfall of the entire human race. 
How to Play:
You can select any ships you own simply by left clicking on them individually or by dragging the left mouse button to select a group. 
Once you’ve selected a ship or ships, you can right click anywhere and the ship will move there. 
If you guide your ship to a planet, the ship will disappear and populate the planet. 
Once you have populated a planet, your resources will slowly increase, but that planet is now a target to natural disasters, which will take away from some of your resources. 
You may right click a planet you own to bring up an information and upgrade menu, specific to that planet. 
You have options to upgrade the planet’s city, defences, or research, which all contribute to your survival in one way or another, or you may recruit ships to keep exploring the universe. 
The size of the planet is significant as well. If a larger planet is populated, you will receive more resources from it compared to a smaller planet. Try to upgrade as many planets as you can. 

Controls:

To select an object, click the left mouse button on the object. 
To select multiple objects, hold the left mouse button and drag the box over the objects you wish to select. 
To open the menu on a planet, right click the planet(Note: this is only available when the planet has been colonized).
To move your ship(s), select it with the left mouse button, then right click where you want it to go. 
If a planet has a small ellipse in the centre, the planet has been colonized by you. 
To purchase upgrades for your planet, open the menu for the planet by right clicking it then Left click on the amount button.

Winning Objectives:

Have at least 3 colonized planets have a level 3 settlement (Lunar City or higher)
Have collected 50,0000 resources in your bank
Complete this before 20 minutes
